tree: Remove partition manager support (#29751)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.2.0.rst

      This option must be selected by drivers providing support for external flash.
      It is automatically selected by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NORDIC_QSPI_NOR` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPI_NOR`.
      MCUboot might fail to boot when the external flash memory is used for non-primary application images and when the driver for the external flash memory is not enabled.

>       See :ref:`ug_bootloader_external_flash` and ``deprecated_pm_external_flash`` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      See :ref:`ug_bootloader_external_flash` and External flash memory partitions for details.
```

Author: fixed
